1: ('march 21, 2023\ncal trans has released new footage of a highway in northern california that has been closed since march 2 after a hillside collapsed, blocking the road.\nnow playing\nnext up\nwe recognize our responsibility to use data and technology for good. take control of your data.\n© copyright twc product and technology llc 2014, 2023',)
2: ('forbidden',)
3: ("this is a carousel. use next and previous buttons to navigate\nsections of highway 29 were closed between calistoga and the lake county line after rain caused landslides sunday, the california highway patrol said.\nsections of highway 29 were closed between calistoga and the lake county line after rain caused landslides sunday, the california highway patrol said.\nsections of highway 29 were closed between calistoga and the lake county line after rain caused landslides sunday, the california highway patrol said.\nsections of highway 29 were closed between calistoga and lake county line after rain caused landslides sunday, the california highway patrol said.\n“drive with caution and be prepared for changing conditions,” the agency wrote.\nfarther north in lake county, traffic on the highway was reduced to one lane, also because of slides, according to caltrans.\nthere was no immediate estimate for when the road would reopen.\nreach danielle echeverria: danielle.echeverria@sfchronicle.com; twitter: @danielleechev\n\xa0\ndanielle echeverria is a reporter for the chronicle’s engagement and breaking news team. she recently completed her master's degree in journalism at stanford university, where she won the nicholas roosevelt environmental journalism award for her reporting and covered agriculture, climate change and worker safety. she previously interned the chronicle on the business desk, as well as at big local news, focusing on data journalism. she is originally from bakersfield, california.",)
4: ('it\'s a rainy and windy start to sunday as a level 1 system is working through the bay area. highs will be in the upper 50s today.\nand now, the bay area is now prepping for another storm on monday.\nstate route 29 ( mount st. helena) is closed between calistoga and lake county line due to a landslide, the california highway patrol said on sunday.\ntree crews in parts of san mateo county have their hands full clearing away fallen trees that toppled over during tuesday\'s dangerous winds.\nin burlingame, a section of el camino real was shut down for repairs. at el camino and sanchez, the wind took down more trees, toppled a traffic light, and brought down power lines.\nabout two blocks away at el camino real and edge hill drive, cellphone video captured an unimaginable amount of debris. neighbors said 4 to 5 trees toppled over, smashing a ford f-150, a tesla, and a suv.\n"one of them fell horizontally and landed on my wife\'s car," said michael vanderley. "they\'re a hazard-(the trees)-- at least the ones on el camino have been a hazard for a long time."\nat cabrillo and carmelita, sally downing\'s home was hit by a falling tree.\n"it sounded like a freight train hitting the house. i looked out the window and that\'s when saw it coming down," said downing.\n"it basically got whipped around in yesterday\'s freak storm-- the windstorm and let loose," said steve willett with timberline tree service.\nso much damage was done by the fierce winds from tuesday\'s storm. there\'s concern that another big storm is just around the corner.\n"i hope its winds aren\'t as bad as they predict. because all these trees-- they suffered from the drought-- they get all this wind and rain and they\'re not strong enough," said downing.\nhighway 84 in woodside is closed due to a massive sinkhole in the roadway.\nlanes in both directions between portola road and skyline boulevard are shut down indefinitely, caltrans says.\ntuesday\'s storm put large cracks in the road making it impossible to drive in the area.\nbalbar pessi was recording a video of her neighbors fence about to blow over in union city on tuesday when something she least expected, happened in that moment.\na massive tree fell on the roof of her home, sinking in her bedroom roof.\n"but i still made a little bit of a video and then i run with my puppy, run out, i was so scared," pessi said.\nthe sky7 view from above shows multiple town homes damaged by several massive trees uprooted from tuesday\'s storm.\nnow, her home along with several of her neighbors, are unsafe to stay in.\n"that moment was so shocking but at the same time, i was thinking about my stuff in there, can i go get something? can i go? same time police came and they said no you cannot go, pushing us out, no no," she said.\nshe only came back wednesday to grab a few essentials and throw away everything in her fridge from losing power overnight, before leaving to stay with relatives nearby.\nknown as a "tree city usa," the city of saratoga had plenty of them knocked down during yet another incredibly powerful storm. with each fallen tree, more and more damage. many trees knocked out power.\nwestmont and prospect high schools were forced to cancel school for the day, just waiting for power to be restored. businesses and homes in the westgate neighborhood were without power as well.\ncrews were out wednesday to get the lights back on. the company says it may take longer than usual to restore everyone\'s power as they keep their employees\' safety in mind while the busy storm season continues.\nthe california department of transportation says crews are working to reopen highway 1 across the pájaro river later tonight. a team of structural engineers completed assessments and reported that the bridges there can safely accommodate traffic without restriction.\nsouthbound lanes of highway 1 are expected to open later this evening and northbound lanes are estimated to reopen by tomorrow morning.\nschools in several districts in the bay area are closing wednesday because of power outages from tuesday\'s storm.\nall in-person classes and services at de anza college in cupertino and west valley college in saratoga will be suspended.\nin the mt. diablo unified school district, these schools are closed:\nadult education programs at the pleasant hill education center, bancroft elementary, cambridge elementary, crossroad high school, fair oaks elementary, gregory gardens elementary, horizon, oak grove middle school, olympic high school, preschool assessment center, pleasant hill middle school, prospect high school, robert shearer preschool, valle verde elementary, westwood elementary, woodside elementary, ygnacio valley high school\nin the fremont union school district, these schools will be closed:\nin the cupertino union school district, these schools will be closed:\nthese schools from the campbell union elementary school district and the campbell union high school district will be closed:\na big redwood tree fell onto the roof of an elementary school classroom in los altos tuesday, injuring one student inside.\na staff member from oak avenue school said it happened at 12:30 p.m. during lunchtime.\nas rain hammered parts of the north bay, the wind was a beast of its own, forcing down trees, debris and trash cans, while utility workers struggled to work through the rain.\nthis, while some homes, were inches away from disaster in the woodacre neighborhood.\n"we have a tree that\'s about to go down on our house and i\'m just grateful we\'re okay," jodie gualco, a woodacre resident said.\ngualco has lived here for 31 years, but tuesday morning, was forced to grab her two dogs and husband and evacuate over fear of a tree, at least 120 feet tall, giving way and falling on her home at any moment.\n"got my babies out, my little dogs, and we have a cat in there," she said. "it\'s crazy, trees are falling down, the ground is saturated and with all of the gusts, we worry, we usually leave and i\'m glad we did this time."\nit\'s a story familiar for her neighbor, gary holsher. the same thing happened to his home about 15 years ago and to his car, just last year.\n"i\'ve been looking out the window, it\'s like a freight train coming through your house, it\'s just one of those things you never forget, the shaking of it, the feeling of it and the sound of it, it\'s pretty terrifying," holsher said.\nalmost constant rain in 2023 and now back-to-back atmospheric rivers this month has led to some serious damage on our roadways, especially potholes. it doesn\'t take you long to drive around san jose to find a pothole on a city street. they not only can cause drivers to swerve out of the way, possibly leading to accidents. but if you do hit one, you may end up at a tire repair shop.\nthe team at bruce\'s tire and auto service in san jose says they have been receiving 50 calls a day in repairs. meanwhile, the city\'s department of transportation is trying to keep up with demand as well. reports of potholes have quadrupled during our most recent rainstorms according to the dot. crews can fix potholes in the rain and it takes under two business days to complete repairs.\n"we are really working our field crews," san jose dept. of transportation pio colin heyne said. "they are committed to the job of keeping people safe. so, they\'re out there, around the clock dealing with all kinds of storm impacts. and, as i said, potholes are one of the top priorities."\nin sonoma county, three people, including an 8-year-old boy, were rescued from their van after getting trapped in floodwaters on armstrong woods road in guerneville.\ndespite warning signs posted on the road, abc7 news witnessed the van attempt to drive through rising waters. after a few yards, it got stuck. rescue crews from the sonoma county fire protection district used their inflatable rescue boat to get the three people to safety.\n"we thought we could get through and we can\'t, so my advice: don\'t ever go through water - ever," jessica, one of the rescued passengers, said as she made it to dry land.\ncaptain shawn johnson, with sonoma county fire district 9, said the passengers were lucky the floodwaters didn\'t overtake their car.\n"yes, definitely could have been worse," he said. "our message is: if there\'s a road sign that says don\'t go through, or there\'s flooded water, please avoid the area."\nthe atmospheric river brought a deluge of rain throughout sonoma county. it was a treacherous drive getting into guerneville, including several mudslides by the river.\nin santa rosa, crews were clearing a giant tree that toppled overnight causing a neighborhood to lose power.\n"sounded like something thudding, and at the same time there were two flashes," resident bob doxbory told abc7 news.\ndoxbory is from england and said he isn\'t fazed by the recent weather.\n"i grew up just outside of manchester. this is a tuesday," doxbory quipped.\nasked what his advice would be for weather wimpy californians, he replied: "i would say, take a winter vacation to manchester and come back and you\'ll never complain again."\nbart said tuesday that it is experiencing major delays systemwide due to track issues likely from the high winds across the bay area.\nsan francisco international airport said tuesday afternoon that a ground stop is now a ground delay, with airplanes waiting at gates and on the tarmac due to strong winds. be sure to check your flights.\nthere is a sig alert for southbound interstate 280 in millbrae.\nit\'s closed right now at millbrae ave. in millbrae due to a downed tree that\'s blocking all four lanes.\nno word yet when the road might reopen. alternative routes include highway 101 and even el camino real.\nthe national weather service says there is a flash flood warning in felton and paradise park in santa cruz county until 12:15 p.m.\na couple hundred santa rosa residents woke up to strong winds, powerful rain, and a power outage. "i had some projects to due this morning at home and i can\'t do them," resident julia landecker said. "i work with glass and i need a lot of electricity."\nlandecker is one of an estimated 700 residents living near orchard street near spencer avenue, impacted after a large tree fell at 3:30 in the morning.\n"it doesn\'t surprise me at all," she said. "i told my daughter last night, i bet some trees come down."\n"water is such a powerful thing," resident lynn langford described. "it\'s amazing!"\nwe met langford along cooper drive, where the same wet weather conditions are keeping santa rosa fire and city crews on alert. they\'re monitoring hour by hour movement of a sliding hillside there.\ntwo homes at the bottom of the hill have already been red-tagged, and residents recognize the dangerous conditions as days of downpour continue.\n"the hillside looks like a river, slowly coming down. we watched it a couple days ago. it\'s just every couple of seconds, more mud comes down," langford said. "the whole hillside is disturbed and you can tell there\'s a whole river of water running underneath it."\nthe faa issued a ground delay for us flights at sfo because of the heavy rain and flooding. it started at 8:45 a.m. and will continue until midnight.\nflight aware is showing 166 flights have been delayed and 12 flights cancelled so far tuesday. those taking to the skies are feeling the impact.\nsome travelers at san francisco international airport are finding out their flights were delayed. this after the faa implemented a ground delay program at sfo because of rain and winds. the dubey family from austin is flying to salt lake city for some skiing, but now they\'ll have to wait a little longer. "we checked the flight this morning and it was like oh there\'s an hour and a half delay. so we\'re like we\'re already on the way to the airport so might as well just wait," aryana dubey said. "it\'s kind of inconvenient because we wanted to get to salt lake city to get all our ski gear and get situated but now it\'s just getting delayed."\nsan francisco resident danica cadelina is going to san diego to visit her mom. but her alaska airlines flight was delayed almost two hours. "i don\'t want it to take up my whole day," she said. "i really want to see my mom and we\'re flying again tomorrow. so i hope i don\'t have another delay tomorrow."\nsan francisco resident steven ortega is relieved his breeze airways flight to san bernardino was still scheduled to be on time when we talked to him. "i was worried, i\'ve been checking my flight status and checking bart make sure i got here on time, a little early. everything so far looks good.."\nthe faa is showing delays are averaging 80 minutes, but a spokesperson at sfo tells me delays are averaging 54 minutes and that could rise as the day progresses.\nsfo is recommending you download your airline\'s mobile app so you\'ll know about any delays or cancellations.\nas of 6:20 a.m., chp has opened up all lanes of nb i-680 near pleasanton after a jackknifed big rig closed down the highway. the incident was before castlewood blvd. all traffic was diverted off at sr84 and traffic was backed up for miles.\ncrews are working 24 hours a day building a rock barrier to slow the water flow into the pajaro community, where residents were evacuated after the pajaro river levee was breached overnight friday due to the heavy rainstorm.\nin an update late monday from monterey county officials, crews will need about a week to complete the rock barrier, intended to reduce the breach from getting wider and slow the flow of water.\nthe california department of water resources is overseeing this work in coordination with the monterey county water resources agency, according to the county\'s announcement.\na second breech occurred sunday night along the river about one mile from the mouth of the river. the water from this breech is flowing back into the river and out into the ocean, officials said in the announcement.\na slow and steady sprinkle or drizzle fell in santa rosa monday night. many of those we spoke with told us they\'re looking forward to drier weather.\n"i\'m definitely ready for it to be done with. i\'m more of a summer kind of person," said austin vario of santa rosa.\nconstruction worker hector hernandez told us he has been unable to work for the last three weeks because of the wet conditions. we asked him, "how much money do you think you\'ve lost by not being able to work?" his reply, "a $1,000 a week."\nsome workers are doing well though. cookie delivery driver patrick palmer told us the calls keep coming in.\n"probably about 20% busier. deliveries are big everyone wants to stay home you know," said palmer.\nin addition to evacuation warnings for parts of the county put out by the santa cruz sheriff\'s office on monday, watsonville has issued new warnings as of 6 p.m.\nadditional evacuation warnings have been issued for people living along corralitos creek and near the pajaro river in watsonville.\nshelters have been set up for people leaving their residences at the watsonville veterans memorial building, 215 e. beach st., and the cabrillo college gymnasium, 6500 soquel drive, aptos.\nthe santa cruz county sheriff has issued evacuation warnings for several areas of the county in anticipation of upcoming weather, the office said on monday.\nneighborhoods including paradise park, felton grove, soquel village and the college/lake area of watsonville should be on alert.\nthe official zones that face the highest risk of flooding are fel-e008, fel-e012, crz-e081; ctl e014-b, e015-b, eo18-a, e019-b; paj-e015-b, e024-b, e027-b, e026 and e028.\nthe oakland zoo announced on twitter it will be closed on tuesday, march 14 in preparation for more heavy rain and wind coming to the bay area.\nthe zoo says visitors will be given a refund and will take three to four weeks to process.\ngovernor gavin newsom over the weekend added six more counties, including san joaquin county, to those under a state of emergency to assist in storm response and relief efforts.\npreviously, newsom had proclaimed a state of emergency in 34 counties during recent atmospheric rivers and storms. as of sunday, calaveras, del norte, glenn, kings, san benito and san joaquin were added to the list.\nthe governor\'s proclamation will support impacted residents throughout the covered counties to waive fees to replace records such as marriage and birth certificates, as well as provide flexibility to help hospitals and care facilities continue to provide services, according to a press release from the california governor\'s office of emergency services.\nstate highway 9 was closed at booker creek road in saratoga on monday morning due to fallen rocks and a downed tree.\ncaltrans said in a tweet at 7:32 a.m. that the highway is closed in both directions. drivers were advised to take alternate routes.\nthere was no estimate for when the scene would be clear.\nfirst responders from the north bay are assisting with evacuations due to flooding in monterey county. the small town of pajaro is under six feet of flood water, after a levee failure on the pajaro river.\n"the entire community of parajo is inundated," said marin county fire battalion chief graham groneman. "it\'s (water is) still coming through the community, until they get it shored up and fixed, i don\'t see an easy solution to getting that water out of there."\ngovernor gavin newsom announced on sunday afternoon that the white house approved a presidential emergency declaration, which authorizes federal assistance to support the state and local response to recent winter storms.\n"we are grateful for president biden\'s swift action to provide more resources and assistance to californians reeling from back-to-back storms," newsom said in a statement. "we also thank all the heroic first responders working tirelessly to save lives in these dangerous and challenging conditions. california will continue to work day and night with local, state and federal partners to protect and support our communities."\nthe presidential emergency declaration allows impacted counties to immediately access direct federal assistance to help protect public safety and property. this includes generators, road clearance equipment and sheltering or mass care assistance as needed.\nwith storms forecasted to continue through mid-march, newsom issued a state of emergency in 21 counties to support disaster response and relief efforts this week, following the state of emergency he proclaimed in an initial 13 counties earlier this month.\ncapitol corridor, which provides transit from san jose to auburn, said that its trains will bypass the hayward and fremont stations until further notice due to flooding.\ndrivers traveling northbound on interstate 880 will have to consider alternative routes, as the roadway between fremont and union city is closed, announced california highway patrol officials on sunday morning.\nthe highway is closed from mowry avenue in union city to alvarado-niles road in fremont due to flooding.\nlocal law enforcement encourages residents to avoid the area if possible. there is no estimated time for reopening.\ncalifornia high patrol announced closures of i-880 in hayward due to flooding. officers are currently on the scene with caltrans.\ni-880 northbound, south of thornton avenue, lanes #2-4 are closed.\ni-880 southbound, south of thornton avenue, lane #4 is closed.\nthe national weather service issued flood advisories for several parts of the bay area sunday morning.\na flood advisory for santa clara and san mateo counties is in effect until 2:30 p.m. nws says that heavy rain will continue this morning and into the early afternoon. this may cause minor flooding in low-lying and poor drainage areas, and area creeks and streams.\na flood advisory for sonoma co. is in effect until noon. nws says an additional 1/4" to 1/2" of rainfall is expected this morning. this will keep water levels elevated on the mark west, santa rosa and laguna de santa rosa creeks.\nmonterey county emergency response officials have just downgraded an evacuation order for the salinas river to an evacuation warning, according to a county spokesperson.\nthis evacuation order was announced by the county as of 8 p.m. saturday.\nthe downgrade came at 8:30 p.m. saturday.\nthe levee breach along the pajaro river, upstream from the monterey county community of pajaro, is now 120 feet wide as of early saturday evening, according to county officials.\nthe breach occurred just before midnight late friday evening.\nthe water is flowing freely through the breach, according to maia carroll, a spokesperson for monterey county. she added that state and local engineers are assessing the situation and determining next steps.\novernight friday to saturday, emergency personnel conducted more than 90 rescues in the area, carroll said. door-to-door evacuation notifications began at approximately 3 pm. friday to connect with residents who may not have left when emergency notices were issued.\nas of saturday evening, residents who have not leave the area are still encouraged to do so. mst buses are providing free transportation to shelters, and temporary evacuation points.  pick up location is at the pajaro golf course.\ncarroll said high-water vehicles, dive and search and rescue and mutual support agencies are working in the area. no deaths or injuries have been reported.\nevacuation warnings have been lifted for all areas of big sur river, carmel valley and bolsa knolls in monterey county, the monterey county office of emergency services said saturday afternoon.\nthe warnings have been lifted effective immediately, according to the emergency services office.\nthe monterey county sheriff\'s office shortly before noon saturday issued an evacuation warning for areas of the salinas river to go into effect immediately until further notice.\nzones e-0016 and e-0021 are under evacuation warning.\nsheriff\'s officials said those with who have large animals or need extra time to evacuate should do so immediately.\nan evacuation warning  means those in a specific area should be prepared to evacuate at any time. when such a warning is issued, those in affected zones do not need to leave their homes at that time but should be alert and prepared to leave if an evacuation order is called.\nhighway 84 is closed in both directions at portola road to skyline boulevard says caltrans and san mateo county sheriff. officials said a landslide caused major damage to the roadway and that there is no estimated time for reopening.\nthe national weather service has issued a flash flood warning for the pajaro river and the town of pajaro in monterey county effective immediately until 11:45 a.m. saturday.\nmajor life-threatening flooding is forecast, county officials said saturday morning.\nthe flash flood warning affects the pajaro river levee breach area and township of pajaro to the pacific ocean, according to the monterey county office of emergency services.\na flood warning is continuing to be in effect for the salinas river near bradley affecting monterey county, the national weather service said saturday morning.\nminor flooding is forecast for the salinas river, according to the weather service.\nthe weather service cautioned motorists not to drive around barricades or drive cars through flooded areas.\ndrivers should be especially cautious at night when it is harder to recognize the dangers of flooding, the weather service said.\nthe pajaro river levee was breached overnight on friday night, prompting evacuations.\nthe levee was breached at about midnight, according to a news release from the monterey county health department.\nteams from the county\'s water resources agency and state department of water resources were onsite at the time attempting flood-fighting efforts.\nevacuations of most of the pajaro community were ordered just before midnight and expanded shortly after to include all flood zones in the pajaro area.\nnational guard high-water rescue vehicles were stationed in the area to help the evacuation effort, which included door-to-door checks from monterey county sheriff\'s deputies, cal fire crews and north monterey county firefighters.\nrepairs to the levee are expected to take place on saturday during daylight hours.\nthere are emergency evacuation shelters at the santa cruz county fairgrounds, located at 2601 east lake ave., in watsonville, in the crosetti building, and at the compass church, located at 10325 s. main street, in salinas.\nresidents can get a ride to a shelter at a temporary evacuation point, which are located at the prunedale library, at 17822 moro rd., the carmel valley library, at 65 w. carmel valley rd., and the king city library, at 402 broadway st.\nfor assistance with animals, the spca can be reached at 831-373-2631, and after normal hours at 831-646-5534.\nbay city news contributed to this report.\nexclusive: family \'shocked\' as sj removes safeway worker\'s memorial\nlive: track rain across sf bay area with live doppler 7\nantimicrobial-resistant fungus spread at an alarming rate, study says',)
5: ('gwyneth paltrow in court over skiing accident\nbrazil evicts miners from yanomami territory\nthick sandstorms shroud beijing, air quality plummets\njustice department convinces federal judge trump used his attorney in furtherance of a crime in classified docs probe\n\'uncharted territory\': south sudan\'s 4 years of flooding\nputin & xi expand ties\ngoogle begins rolling out its chatgpt rival\na robot waitress delivers the food\nugandan president: homosexuals are deviations from normal\nsyrian kurds celebrate newroz with song and dance\ncoffee-hooked libyans brace for low-caffeine ramadan days\nfor donald trump, legal dominoes may not be finished falling\ntrump makes violent, racist signals available for right-wing followers\nasian leaders on parallel visits to kyiv and moscow\nwhy the gop can\'t quit trump no matter how much of a disgrace he becomes\nthe last thing: our nation’s cultural legacy\non tuesday, the weather channel published a drone video showing the magnitude of a landslide in plumas county in northern california. in the footage, debris from a nearby hillside covers state route 70. according to the video, the state\'s department of transportation has closed the highway indefinitely. consistent dry weather is needed to make the repairs, but more rain is on the way.\n"the winds will be different from the prevailing wind direction that this area normally experiences," doll said. "our experience with this is that when you start seeing higher winds from a direction that is not the prevailing wind direction, you can get further increase in the risk for trees coming down."\nflooding poses a major concern because too much water too fast can overwhelm levees and barrel toward downstream communities. earlier this month, the pajaro river levee ruptured, causing severe flooding in watsonville, california. residents in a nearby agricultural community evacuated, but streets, cars, homes, businesses and schools were submerged.\nlandslides have accompanied the atmospheric rivers. flooding can erode the landscape and cause devastating landslides that bury infrastructure, such as the highway in northern california.\nupdate, 3/21/23, 1:06 p.m. et: this story has been updated with comments from accuweather senior meteorologist mike doll. \nstart your unlimited newsweek trial\nsearch for location / city',)
6: ("the page you requested was not found. you may have followed an old link or typed the address incorrectly.\nwe've also been doing some house cleaning so the page may have been moved or removed.",)
7: ('e-edition\nget the latest news delivered daily!\nget the latest news delivered daily!\ne-edition\n\n\t\t\ttrending:\t\t\nin san clemente, heavy rain during the morning tuesday caused a few more feet of debris to fall, but no structural movement was detected as of the afternoon between storms, said mayor chris duncan.\n“we’re not out of the woods yet, but it’s good that we didn’t have any other structures failing,” duncan said tuesday afternoon.\ncity engineers were onsite monitoring through the storm and property owners are starting to bring in their own geo-technical engineers for evaluations, duncan said. “we will keep it red-tagged for safety, it’s up to the property owners to come and clear the building.”\nthere’s a chance, he said, the buildings were not compromised in the landslide and the damage was just on the deck areas.\n“that’s what we’re hoping for,” he said. “if their experts are able to demonstrate the structures are safe, that will be a benefit for their owners, who i’m sure have been concerned their entire property could be lost.”\n“we’re doing everything we can to bridge this gap and making connections to resources,” he said. “we hope, with any luck, we can get many of them into their residences and homes so they can get to some sort of normalcy.”\nduncan said he hopes state and federal legislators will revisit the limitations on helping in these situations for future disasters.\n“it would not be a great expense, but a great help for these folks if they were able to have some assistance getting settled in on a temporary basis,” he said. “this has opened people’s eyes, including at a city level, that we can do more to prepare, and that we can improve our responsiveness and effectiveness in dealing with the next situation when it comes.”\nthe city has also reached out to the local business community to see about available work stations because some people were working from home, he said.\n“it’s tragic, frustrating for these individuals,” he said. “but they will get through it and we will try and help them as much as we can. we will do after-action reporting to see how we can improve next time.”\nin newport beach, crews were at the hillside in the back bay that had a landslide early this month, extracting groundwater. there was an issue with one of the pumps diverting storm water from a drain that was damaged that sent the water into the street earlier in the day, said the city’s spokesperson john pope.\n“these are short-term measures and they will be looking at longer-term actions as well,” pope said. “they wanted to take action to stabilize the hill as soon as possible.”\nget the latest news delivered daily!\ncopyright © 2023 medianews group',)
8: ('watch cbs news\nlivermore -- caltrans crews battled winds and rain tuesday as they raced to repair a crack and small landslide that has forced the closure of two eastbound lanes on interstate highway 580 in livermore.\nthe closure backed up traffic during the morning commute as a wet weather system moved into the area. there was no eta as to when the repairs would be completed and the lane reopened.\ncaltrans spokesman bart ney warned drivers to expect lengthy delays.\n"expect delays on 580 heading east through here," he told reporters standing next to the slide. "there\'s not a lot of detours. those of you thinking about altamont pass rd. it\'s not so great for trucks. it\'s a narrow, windy road. it will get you around here, but think about the delay."\nthe crack was first reported on monday afternoon.\xa0\ncaltrans tweeted at 2:42 p.m. that the two right lanes of eastbound i-580 were closed east of north flynn road and that while crews were working to reopen the lanes, they would not be reopened in time for the eastbound commute.\nthe crack appears to have been caused by a small landslide next to the eastbound lanes which also collapsed a portion of the concrete barrier along the shoulder.\nas of 4:22 p.m., traffic was backed up more than 17 miles to airway boulevard. frontage roads along i-580 were also jammed as the closure triggered a chaotic commute.\n©2023 cbs broadcasting inc. all rights reserved.',)
9: ('43 people were killed in oso in 2014 in a landslide. now, a permanent memorial stands at the site of the slide.\nshare\nthis material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2023 fox television stations',)
10: ('get hyperlocal forecasts, radar and weather alerts.\nplease enter a valid zipcode.\nsave\nsan clemente, calif. — a san clemente couple’s peaceful morning turned into a nightmare after a landslide caused a portion of their patio to collapse down a hillside.\nthe incident, which occurred because of recent storms in the area, led to the evacuation of around 21 units, including alex heumann and his wife’s home.\nthe couple, who recently found out they were expecting a child, have not been able to return.\xa0\nsan clemente mayor chris duncan said they were working to determine if and when the buildings would be safe again.\xa0\n“in the city’s perspective, safety’s first, and so we’re we have red tagged the four buildings, and that means no access until we are confident that it’s safe for people to return,” duncan said.\xa0\xa0\nas the city braces for more rain, officials are monitoring the situation and working to see how they can mitigate the effects of the landslides.\ndespite the challenging situation, the heumanns have received support from their church community, city officials and the red cross.',)
File Saved